Handle versioning of scramble (#97)
ietf-wg-masque/draft-ietf-masque-quic-proxy: draft-ietf-masque-quic-proxy.md

~~~
{: #iana-parameter-names-table title="Initial Proxy QUIC Forwarding Parameter Names"}

## Packet Transform Names {#iana-transforms}

This document establishes a new registry for packet transform names
in <[](https://www.iana.org/assignments/masque/masque.xhtml)>
and defines two initial transforms: "null" and "scramble".
Prior to finalization, deployments that implement the version of
the scramble transform defined in this document should use the value

> "scramble-dt". Registrations in this registry are assigned using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"scramble-dt". Once the design team PR is merged and a new draft is submitted,
the wire identifier will become "scramble-XX" where XX is the draft number.
Registrations in this registry are assigned using the
```

Specification Required policy (Section 4.6 of [IANA-POLICY]).

| Transform Name | Description       | Specification | Notes                          |
|:---------------|:------------------|:--------------|--------------------------------|
| null           | no transformation | This Document | Section {{null-transform}}     |

> | Reserved (will be "scramble")       | AES-128 size-maintaining scramble of bytes  | This Document | Section {{scramble-transform}} |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| "scramble"      | Reserved (will be used for final version)  | This Document | Section {{scramble-transform}} |
```

~~~
{: #iana-parameter-names-table title="Initial Proxy QUIC Forwarding Parameter Names"}

## Packet Transform Names {#iana-transforms}

This document establishes a new registry for packet transform names
in <[](https://www.iana.org/assignments/masque/masque.xhtml)>
and defines two initial transforms: "null" and "scramble".
Prior to finalization, deployments that implement the version of
the scramble transform defined in this document should use the value

> "scramble-dt". Once the design team PR is merged and a new draft is submitted,

Author: ```suggestion
"scramble-dt". Once the design team proposal is adopted and a new draft is submitted,
```
